docs: fixes tutorial key breakage (#5776)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/tutorials/event-driven-microservice.md

Here's what this statement does:

- For each credit card number, 30 second [tumbling windows](../../concepts/time-and-windows-in-ksqldb-queries/#tumbling-window) are created to group activity. A new row is inserted into the table when at least 3 transactions take place inside a given window.

> - The credit card number is selected twice. In the first instance, it becomes part of the underlying Kafka record key (since it is present in the `group by` clause, which is used for sharding). In the second instance, the `as_value` function is used to make it available in the value, too. This is generally for convenience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The credit card number is selected twice. In the first instance, it becomes part of the underlying {{ site.ak }} record key, because it's present in the `group by` clause, which is used for sharding. In the second instance, the `as_value` function is used to make it available in the value, too. This is generally for convenience.
```
